Anthony A. / Adibas03
PHP developer of over 5 years, Hybrid Android apps developer of over 2 years.
With high expectations for the decentralized world and cryptocurrency ,now working with Ethereum and the enviroment to develop astonishing Dapps
boris kolar
I'm a casino game developer, software architect, and a hacker. I've worked with several gambling companies, developing poker, slots, and other games.
Yemi is a Fullstack Software Engineer. His experience spans from business development to technology entrepreneurship. He has worked in and founded startups in industries like ecommerce/marketplace,New media,finance,hospitality and building online communities. He became interested in the application of Blockchain Technology after seeing how much impact it could have in emerging markets.He now develops disruptive technologies on the ethereum blockchain.
Mufutau Akuruyejo
is a Computer Engineering graduate of University of Lagos, Nigeria and was a member of Shell Eco-Marathon team designing and building energy-efficient cars. His interests include Software Development, Machine-Learning and Embedded-Systems. He was at CERN, Geneva, Switzerland where he worked on a Continuous Integration Project developing frameworks that enable the scheduling and automatizing of tests on databases before they go into production system.
Patrick Mazzotta
is a twenty year veteran in the BI and data warehousing space. He brings a passion for data driven game theory and experience in various forms of mathematical modeling (especially in gaming and advertising). Patrick may be one of the older members of the SuperDAO team, but he's not above childish fun and looking for humor in any situation. Patrick hopes to bring some mathematical rigor and high level strategy to the SuperDAO team. As one of the earliest members of the team, he’ll be a key player in helping to shape the initial DAO.
Patrick Mazzotta is a twenty year veteran in the BI and data warehousing space. He brings a passion for data driven game theory and experience in various forms of mathematical modeling (especially in gaming and advertising). Patrick may be one of the older members of the SuperDAO team, but he's not above childish fun and looking for humor in any situation.
Patrick hopes to bring some mathematical rigor and high level strategy to the SuperDAO team. As one of the earliest members of the team, he’ll be a key player in helping to shape the initial DAO.
Babayemi Olulana
Hi, my name is Babayemi Olulana i am Software Engineer with over 5 years hands on experience. I have experience in working with both frontend and backend technologies.
Zvezdomir Zlatinov
Hello! I started learning programming when I was 12 and started writing code beyond tutorials when I was 15. Haven't stopped programming ever since (27 now). First I learned C++ and VB6, but I saw no real way to create something, which can be useful right away, which got my eyes on web programming (LAMP stack). It was fascinating for me that you can create something, post it online and it becomes accessible in the whole Internet! I created a web site, got running a forum, a torrent tracker (wasn't illegal back then) and got myself a job as a freelancer for several months. Skipped university and after high school started working as a web programmer. Have been a freelancer for a year. I love programming! Lead p2p layer developer at superdao Pokereum & smart contract developer
Archil Phanchulidze
Software and web developer for 10 years with demonstrated expertise in web and realtime applications. Lead UX developer at superdao Pokereum & smart contract developer
Panos
C, C++, Python, Java, JS, Perl, PHP, Solidity programmer, Certified Ethical Hacker, Penetration tester, nation-wide cyberwar games, Former Greek Ministry of Health Security Advisor. Linux oriented systems, mysql databases, firewall tuning/testing, architecture design. Generalist developer at superdao Pokereum & smart contract developer and security audits
Information Security Specialist - PHP - MySQL - C - C++ - Python - Javascript Developer. He is a certified ethical hacker, has 5 years experience as a full season penetration tester and another 5 years before as a freelance researcher.
He been involved in nationwide cyberwar exercises and has conducted forensic investigations for high profile cases in his country scope and a lot of penetration tests on major accounts. His knowledge includes Linux oriented systems, mysql databases, firewall tuning/testing, architecture design of different products security oriented and others.
Jermaine Encarnacion
New Digital Media Entrepreneur/ Social Media Marketing and blockchain enthusiast. Chief Organizer at Superdao
Boris Kolar
a casino game developer, software architect, and a hacker. I've worked with several gambling companies, developing poker, slots, and other games. UX developer at superdao Pokereum & smart contract developer
Yemi Olulana
Yemi is a Fullstack Software Engineer. He has worked in and founded startups in industries like ecommerce/marketplace media,finance,hospitality and building online. P2p layer developer at superdao Pokereum & smart contract developer
Yemi is a Fullstack Software Engineer. His experience spans from business development to technology entrepreneurship. He has worked in and founded startups in industries like ecommerce/marketplace,New media,finance,hospitality and building online communities. He became interested in the application of Blockchain Technology after seeing how much impact it could have in emerging markets.He now develops disruptive technologies on the ethereum blockchain.
Ruslan Kyslystkyi
As a Full-Stack Developer I specialize in front-end development and server side javascript. MeteorJS. He is experience with Java Desktop and Web applications, WP8 mobile
Ruslan Kyslystkyi
As a Full-Stack Developer I specialize in front-end development and server side javascript. Last time I have been working on a project based on MeteorJS.
I also have experience with Java Desktop and Web applications. Work with WP8 mobile application. I wrote a few small applications on NodeJS and ReactJS.
charles Okaformbah
BA. Mass Communication, UI and UX for mobile and web, CRM deployment specialist and Microsoft cloud solution provider.
CTO and project coordinator for siscomedia. User interface and UX Dev for smsmarketingportal mobile lead generation system. Developer, Nairabet gameshow software. Mobile app dev. enthusiast. SMS voting system for Consol limited,
abiokay
Php and java developer
1 Comment 1 Comment